Let go of me
What are you doing?
You are calling me calling someone here, if you want to shout
I just shouted for someone to save you in the restaurant
I don't think I don't know your thoughts
You want to play hard to get with me?
Don't take me for a fool you can play with
I didn't think so
let go
It's okay not to admit it.
You want to play, right?
I'll have fun with you tonight
Are you sick?
This is what you forced me to do.
Why are you still satisfied with my performance last night?
Why do you take me for Gu Xiuyuan?
It's okay to listen to you
From now on, you will be my lover
I'll give you Gu Xiuyuan's promotion.
Take what you need
mutual use
fair
Never mind humming
What are you pretending to be a chaste emperor now?
Too late
It turns out that I am so unbearable in Mr. Ji's eyes
I'll know what to do later
What do you mean?
I will submit this journey.
I will never appear in front of you again